I just want you to convince him
to sign the papers
and sell me the company.
There's this one
brilliant young man.
Actually. I made him a partner
in my business.
You wanna sign that.
This is my wife.
Goodbye. Alex.
I'll see you soon.
Please. just make it qui...
Do not go in there.
We're already running late
to meet up with them in Colorado.
We're rolling out.
Samantha Redmond.
- So. what do you really want?
- I'm here for Alex.
Please forget about this
and move on.
You're not quite getting it.
We're coming in.
I will find Alex
and we will end this.
- Dylan. let's go!
- Your name is Dylan?
- When were you born?
- May 16th.
Hey.
- You okay?
- I think so.
I can't explain it.
but I think Dylan is too.
I'm worried about Jane.
I think she's responsible
for Baines's murder.
and I think I'm next.
When I asked about their arrests.
my mom said they were down below.
Is there a prison?
We can go find out ourselves.
I just gave our wristbands access.
If atmospheric monitoring
experiences a loss of our oxygen.
all doors are forced open.
We're forcing the main doors
to the bunker open.
People deserve the right to choose
if they wanna stay in here
or start over out there.
- Siege.
- We will initiate full lockdown protocol.
In full lockdown. this bunker
can withstand a direct nuclear hit.
And what happens if all that
happens at the same time?
We have to keep them out.
All in favor of initiating full lockdown?
There are 10.000 armed people
about to invade.
and no one can reach Samantha?
Hi. Alex.
The toric code
and its planar cousin. the surface code.
have become the gold standard
in quantum error correction.
You just lay the qubits side by side.
measure local checks. and voila.
Scalable fault tolerance. in theory.
Questions or...?
- Okay. moving on.
- Why not. um. why not just build it?
I'm sorry?
For nine months.
I have been auditing classes
in this department.
and all that I hear is.
"In theory this. and theoretically that."
Why not just build the thing?
Okay. well. I-I'm s...
I'm sorry. your name?
- Dylan.
- Okay. Dylan.
Uh. this is pretty cutting-edge stuff.
Tens of millions of dollars
is being invested in early prototypes.
We're not talking about Lego sets here.
I've built something
that can trap neutral atoms
in optical tweezers.
I can configure pairs on the fly
with the same pulse sequence.
and I've used it to test.
on a small scale. quantum LDPC codes.
You built an all-to-all platform?
Yeah.
I gave it a brain.
I-It learns from past runs
and it can predict
anything that could go wrong
in the future in microseconds.
This is the first AI-controlled
quantum computer that's ever been built.
Class dismissed.
First thing we should do
is file for grants
and private seed money.
which won't be easy
because what we're dealing with
is a bit out there.
Oh. and I'll be the face of this.
No one is gonna take us seriously
if they know the brains
behind it can't even vote yet.
- Oh.
- Oh. I was. uh...
Sorry. I was gonna introduce you.
It's my. my wife. Alex.
Huntington's disease.
It's a neurological disorder.
- Yeah. I know what it is.
- Then you know what it does.
Come say hi.
Hey. Hi.
Mm.
There we go.
Alex. we have a visitor.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
I'm. uh. I'm Dylan.
Dylan might be the biggest brain
you've met.
and that is saying a lot
because you live with me.
Mm.
He is gonna be around a lot.
Oh. uh. I got it.
Come in. Nice to meet you.
Please. take a seat.
I've put together a little presentation.
No presentation is necessary.
thank you.
Dr. Chase. my science advisor.
has done his homework.
And he tells me that
you've been playing in areas
other scientists won't even admit to.
for fear of being ridiculed.
This is real science.
Real data.
Alex will perform.
- Alex?
- Oh. uh. I'm sorry. the. um...
We named it. the AI.
- I named it for my wi...
- Well. I'm seeking to develop
the fastest computer possible
with one singular mission.
To solve the climate crisis
before it becomes a catastrophe.
I'll be seeding 10 scientists
who are testing the boundaries
of quantum computing.
Would you like to be one of them?
May I ask exactly how much
seed money we're talking about?
Oh.
It's blank.
Build me a fast computer.
- We have to shut Alex down.
- What? Why?
I... You said it was making
incredible progress.
It is. but it... it's also trying
to do something dangerous.
It's trying to manipulate time.
- Oh. you're serious?
- Have there been any anomalies?
- Anomalies?
- Coincidences. Repeating events.
Physical disturbances.
Who knows?
But we're not gonna find out.
Do you have any idea what's coming?
Why I'm even doing this?
Forgive me.
I know that you're not used to hearing no.
but due respect...
you have no fucking idea
what we're dealing with here.
Alex just gave the answer to an equation
in less than 10 seconds.
that would take a supercomputer longer
than the age of the universe to solve.
Great.
So. what's the problem?
We hadn't asked the question yet.
Hi. Alex.
I think I saw one of the anomalies today.
My son Dylan.
Hm. It's unlikely.
Alex hasn't finished calculating.
We haven't activated her yet.
I can't explain it
and it doesn't make sense.
but somehow I'm certain.
What is it. Dr. Chase?
Over the past several weeks.
we believe that Alex
has started
to communicate with us.
We haven't mentioned it
because we weren't sure.
and frankly. it seemed a little weird.
but she appears
to be making predictions.
And what she's predicted
has come true.
Surface thunderstorms.
a recent earthquake.
Your arrival here today.
In fact. we think this is meant for you.
What are these numbers?
Coordinates or dates?
- And who is the user it's waiting for?
- We don't know.
It seems to be referencing
the person meant to activate it.
We don't know.
Also. there's something else.
If we've deciphered this correctly.
she's predicted that this will be
your last visit to the caves.
Because. by the end of the day...
Because by the end of the day.
you'll be dead.
We're almost at the staging area!
Word is. they're about
to move on the bunker.
Just make sure they're tied down!
You all have tanks?
Depleted uranium shells.
We're not messing around.
I'm making a run for the kids.
Who knows how this could escalate.
You are not gonna see
my babies without me.
- I've waited too long. They're too close.
- Teri.
Non-starter.
Bean and the baby
can stay with me.
- They'll be safe.
- Thank you.
It's finally going through.
- Presley?
- James! Can you hear me?
Yeah. I can hear you.
Where are you?
Look. we're stuck
in an elevator in the...
Of the East Wing Systems Level?
East... Level.
- What?
- East W... stems Level.
Can you hear me?
- What did he say?
- I don't know.
What's happening?
There's an oxygen failure
on the Systems Level
and it's triggered the main doors
to open at all costs.
But the doors are in full lockdown mode.
which is fighting to keep them
closed at all costs.
The two things
are in direct conflict. um...
uh. causing a. a. a death spiral
that's sending us into meltdown.
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
Tanks on the move.
- We're blind.
- The doors will hold. right?
What are our options?
The only thing I can think of
i-is shutting off defense mode
to stabilize the reactors.
but that will allow
the main bunker doors to open.
And what if that doesn't work?
Um...
I guess we would need
to implement Exodus.
the evacuation protocol.
No. No to Exodus. No.
Open the doors.
Let's hope that that takes
some pressure off the reactors.
And just let them in?
Hold on. you will not do that.
She does not have the authority.
Opening the doors
and letting them in is our only option.
Sinatra isn't here
and all of our presidents
are currently dead.
I will take full responsibility
with Sinatra
if that's what you're afraid of.
Fine.
Thank you.
Fucking cowards.
Open the doors now.
So. what happens next?
I have no idea.
- Ready. player one.
- Ready. ready.
Ready. Ready. Ready.
Ready. Ready. Ready. Ready.
Wait. hold on. hold on. hold on.
- What are these assholes up to?
- I don't know.
I don't care. we're moving in.
And call up the 'dozer.
We got a lotta planes
- to move to make a path.
- Copy that.
It's gonna take them a minute
to break through.
We go on foot. Get to the kids
before whatever's gonna happen happens.
- You good?
- I'm good.
Come on.
It's not looking good out there.
- Did it work?
- No. No. the-the doors are open.
but the reactors are melting down.
Everything ends.
We've gotta get outta here.
Okay.
We've got an explosion
on systems level.
That's the cooling towers.
If we've lost the cooling towers.
it's the whole ballgame.
Exodus.
I'm calling Exodus.
Attention.
Due to a reactor emergency.
the city is under
mandatory evacuation.
For your safety.
please follow the arrows
to your nearest departure point
as quickly as possible.
This is not a drill.
Attention.
Due to a reactor emergency.
the city is under
mandatory evacuation.
For your safety.
please follow the arrows to your nearest
departure point as quickly as possible.
This is not a drill.
Attention.
Due to a reactor emergency...
the city is under a mandatory...
Meltdown imminent.
- Hey. you alright?
- Meltdown imminent.
Meltdown imminent.
- I'm okay. I'm okay.
The city is under
mandatory evacuation...
to your nearest departure point
as quickly as possible.
Attention.
Due to a reactor...
Mrs. Redmond.
I've been trying to reach you.
Evacuation's been called.
- Exodus?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Called by who?
- We don't know. It just happened.
- My family?
- There's a team headed their way.
We'll get them out safely.
Get me to the tower.
There's a sun?
And a lake?
We also got two Arby's
and a Ferris wheel.
It's a lot to process.
We gotta keep moving. come on.
The city is under
mandatory evac...
Meltdown imminent.
- Meltdown imminent.
- Oh. my God.
- Are you okay?
- I'm good. Yeah.
Meltdown imminent.
- Is he dead?
- Meltdown imminent.
Meltdown imminent.
- We gotta go.
- Meltdown imminent.
- We gotta get outta here.
Okay. catch me up.
- What's happening?
- Oh. not much.
You know. we're just
in full nuclear meltdown.
I called Exodus.
Someone had to make a decision.
and if there's something
wrong with that...
No. that's the right call.
I mean. obviously. this isn't good.
but we'll be okay.
What's on your shirt?
Blood.
Jane's blood.
She was gonna kill me.
so I killed her.
Get yourself to safety. Dr. Torabi.
Help people...
You do that extremely well.
I'll take it from here.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Now. go.
All of you. go.
Please. go.
This way.
The city is under
mandatory evacuation.
For your safety.
please follow the arrows
to your nearest departure point
as quickly as possible.
This is not a drill.
Presley.
James!
Presley?
James?
They're not here.
Teri.
Hey. Come on.
Mrs. Redmond.
I've been trying to reach you.
We've been having
unusual power draws over here.
The reactors are melting down.
Let's close the tram tunnel.
cut power usage from the bunker's grid.
and put Alex on an island.
You're almost 100 miles away.
You should be fine.
Alex needs to be protected at all costs.
Yes. Mrs. Redmond.
Presley!
James!
James.
- James!
- Mom?
James!
- Mom? Mom!
- James!
Hi. baby!
- Dad!
- Hey. man. Mm.
- Where's your sister?
- I don't know.
She called. but her phone's
not working anymore.
- What'd she say?
- Something about an elevator.
She's stuck in an elevator
in the S-Systems Level or something.
You take James and go.
- I'm gonna go find her.
- Wait. wait. wait.
Hey. look at me.
Against all odds. I found you.
I will bring you our daughter. okay?
- You take care of your mom.
- Okay. come on. sweetie.
Due to a reactor emergency.
the city is under...
Attention.
- Due to a reactor emergency...
- My God.
The city is under
mandatory evacuation.
For your safety.
please follow the arrows
to your nearest departure point
as quickly as possible.
Okay. drop me at the tower.
I'll see what I can find out about Alex.
- No fucking way.
- No. Geiger...
No. listen to me.
They're having a meltdown here.
This is what we do.
Forget about Alex.
If we don't shut this thing down
and it blows.
it's fucking over for everyone.
And everyone outside.
Do you understand that?
Oh. my God. you made it.
Did you find your wife?
This isn't a fucking tea party.
My daughter's stuck in an elevator
somewhere in the Systems Level.
wherever the fuck that is.
I know you've got
this whole place wired. so find her.
Of course.
Oh. God. no.
- No. no. no. no.
- Where are they?
The East District of the Systems Level.
near the reactors.
- I'll show you the way.
- Mm-mm. it's not happening.
You'll need access.
Give it to me.
They don't work if you cut them off.
Agent Collins. please.
It's my daughter.
You slow me down even for a second.
I'll cut your arm off to use that thing.
- Okay. thank you.
- Let's go.
It's this way.
Attention...
Alright. there you go.
There you go. Quickly. quickly.
Alright.
Go. you're good.
Get out of the way!
Let's go. people! Move it!
Seriously?
No!
Hell no! Hold up!
- What the fuck?!
- Motherfucker!
What the hell
is wrong with you?!
None of this matters.
you greedy piece of shit!
Here. come on! In here!
Alright. come on in.
Come on in.
Alright. can you get in okay?
Watch your step. please.
Watch your step.
Alright.
Go. go. go!
Get out of the way!
This might be weird to say.
but I'm genuinely glad to see you again.
That you're safe. alive.
Our last meeting was so fraught.
You mean. when you thought
you killed my daughter
and I almost blew
your fucking brains out?
Not my finest hour.
I saw my dead son today. I think.
I mean. I guess it's possible that
I finally started processing my grief
in some weird hallucinogenic state.
Certainly. there are plenty of Dylans
born on May 16th. but...
It was him.
Anyway. I'm glad you're alive.
Agent Collins.
I think you may have been
the one truly decent person down here.
This way.
Holy shit. No. no. no. Hey. hey. hey.
I mean. um. I... I don't.
I don't know what to do. I...
- Go.
- What?
- No. absolutely fucking not...
- Shh. you listen to me.
I loved your father.
I never told him that.
And he loved you.
This is what has to happen. okay?
- You gotta go.
- No. I'm not leaving you.
- You gotta leave me.
- I'm not leaving you here.
He would want you to survive.
You gotta go.
- Fuck!
- Shit. You gotta go. okay?
- You gotta become the man he saw in you.
- No.
- We're going.
- Jeremy. get out of here!
I'm not gonna let you die
in this place with me.
Go.
Go! Go!
This is not a drill.
This way.
Oh. my God!
Help!
- Help!
- Somebody help!
- We're in the elevator. help!
- Please help! Somebody help!
Meltdown imminent.
In here!
Core temperature. 130% over standard.
Coefficient. 50% over standard.
It's the cooling towers.
Electrical's shot.
- Meltdown imminent.
- I can't control the valve.
Alright. alright.
I'll do it manually.
- Alright.
- I got this.
Reservoir level.
90% below standard.
- Listen. You hear that?
- Yes.
Come on. It's not working.
Help me with the door.
Hadley?!
We're gonna get you out of there!
Mom!
Meltdown imminent.
- Sodium containment...
- Fuck!
- Primary releases valves. offline.
- Damnit. nothing's working!
Coolant failure.
- Coolant failure.
- Big Papi!
How we looking. buddy?
This place is coming down!
I think I bought us 10 minutes...
Hey. hey. Hey. buddy. hey.
Hey. you're okay.
Hey. you're fine.
Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck.
Hey. You're okay.
Hey. hang in there. eh?
Stay with me.
Link. Link. come on. he's gone.
We have to go.
- We have to go. He's gone. buddy!
- No!
- We have to go! Let's go!
- Dad?
- Hadley!
Hey. girls.
We're gonna get you out of there. okay?
Pull!
I can't!
Come on. We got this.
Girls. you're gonna have
to come up through the hatch.
Right there.
Okay. use the railing
and I'll help you boost.
Okay.
Here.
That's it.
- Hadley.
- I can't get out! We're stuck!
I'm going down there.
- I can't hold the door.
- Shit.
It's this way!
- Hold on!
- Okay!
Hold on. Girls. we're gonna
get you outta there. okay?
We're here!
We're here. we got you.
Come here! Fuck!
- Dad. please hurry!
- Can you hold the door?
- I got it.
- Here we go. I'm going in.
- Girls. get down.
- Okay.
- You okay?
- Uh-huh.
Hey. hey.
Where did you come from?
It's a long story.
I got your mom. She's out there.
- Oh. my God.
- Yeah.
Let's get you back to her.
I'm gonna boost you up.
and they're gonna help you from there.
Okay? Come here.
Three. two. one. go!
You good?
That's it.
Give me your hand.
- Okay.
- That's it. Ready?
Got it.
Mom!
- Hey. I'm here. I'm here.
- Okay. send the next one!
Three. two. one.
There you go.
Come on. hurry!
Coming!
- Are you okay?
- Okay.
Alright. get 'em to the truck.
Come on.
Come on. we gotta get 'em to the truck.
- Wait...
- Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go.
Where's Alex?
It's working.
Alex is already working.
Dylan. listen to me.
You're my son.
It's complicated. but you are.
Mm-mm.
Take me to Alex.
I can't.
She's closed off.
Stop. Stop.
Listen to me. Stop.
What is this. huh?
What is this? What is this?!
I don't know.
Honestly. I don't know.
But. uh. but I know Annie.
Okay?
I met her... at Graceland.
What?
She's gone.
She died.
Shit.
- How?
- Giving birth to your daughter.
I have the baby.
I can take you to her.
But we have to get out of here. now.
Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Come on.
Come on. come on.
Haul ass!
Move! Go!
When this thing explodes.
it's gonna spray radiation
out of those doors
like a cannon.
Well. the doors were built to withstand
a nuclear blast from the outside.
which means they should be able
to contain one from the inside.
- They just need to be closed back up.
- From where?
Take us to the tower.
Find your mom.
I'll be there soon.
- Dad.
- Let's move.
Where are you going?
To make things right.
See you soon. Dylan.
Everything's gonna be okay.
- What's your dad's name?
- Xavier.
X. People call him X.
Xavier! X!
Where's my daughter?
Keep moving! Please!
Please keep moving! Find a vehicle.
Sir! Hey!
You need to get as far away as possible!
You need to get as far away
as possible! Come on. come on.
- I gotta find my family!
- I need to get you in the car!
The only way to close the doors
is from inside control.
which means whoever activates them
has to stay behind
and go down with the ship.
Agent Collins. it's been a pleasure.
This is for you.
What the fuck?
What are you doing?
Take care. Agent Collins.
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
- Which one?
- This one!
This one?!
I got you!
There you go. You okay?
Dad!
- Dad!
- Hadley!
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay.
Where's your mother?
Oh. Jesus.
Wait. wait. wait.
They're not here yet.
- They're not here yet!
- Mom!
Presley!
- Alright. We gotta go. We gotta go.
- No. no!
Wait. wait. wait.
- Let's go.
- Daddy? Where's Daddy?
I don't know.
he said he's coming soon.
We have to go.
Let's go.
You good? You okay? Right.
Move over there! Go!
Duck. duck. Goose!
Dad?
- Dad!
- Oh. my God. Dad!
Okay.
That's enough.
Sorry.
To Geiger.
I heard you were back.
Yeah... I'm back.
I'm glad.
Oh. um. Dr. Torabi.
this is my wife. Teri.
Teri. this is my therapist. Dr. Torabi.
- Hi.
It's so nice to meet you.
Yeah. you too.
- Your kids are beautiful.
- Thank you. Yeah.
Uh. I'll be right back. Excuse me.
She looks like her.
She certainly does.
Does she have a name?
I've been calling her Annie's baby.
I like the sound of Annie.
Me too.
This is for you. Xavier.
You are User X.
I need you to listen
to me carefully right now.
About 100 miles from here.
there is a second bunker.
Deep underneath the Denver airport.
It houses a quantum computer
that can stop all of this.
In fact. it already
has stopped all of this.
You just need to get there.
You have to follow
its instructions and get there.
It's a lot of weight
to put on your shoulders.
but I believe you can carry it.
It's a lot to ask. but I'm asking.
Go save the world. Agent Collins.
What makes you think
I'll do any of this?
I believe you already have.